Shoreline: DevOps Incident Automation Platform FREE tool to quickly and easily analyze incidents - Sign up today! Product Product Product overview Explore our end-to-end solution Automated remediation Fix issues permanently to eliminate ops toil Automated Runbooks Empower on-call teams with proven recipes Debug & repair Instantly access all clouds & clusters Incident Insights - FREE Auto-organize & analyze ticket data Datadog Incident Repair Kit Find it with Datadog. Fix it with Shoreline. Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Integrations How we integrate with your tools Pre-built solutions Solutions overview View all pre-built solutions JVM memory issues Catch and fix as it happens Network issues Diagnostics eliminate wasted time Disk resize Avoid outages and data loss Developers Learn more Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Security Built with security in mind Availability There when you need it Safety Minimize mistakes & their impact Integrations How we integrate with your tools Docs Explore software specifics Getting Started How to quickly get going Tutorial A self-guided walkthrough Support Contact our support team Engineer's Perspective Operations at the Edge Processing, analyzing, then acting on observability data entirely within your own environment offers a cheaper, faster, fault tolerant, and more secure alternative. Read blog Infrastructure as Code for Production Ops DevOps leaders can apply infrastructure as code lessons and tooling to production ops, use solutions like Terraform + Shoreline to automate repeatable tasks, and make hero-level institutional knowledge accessible to anyone. Read blog Resources Resources Blog Stay up to date Videos Tips, tricks and walkthroughs Webinars and Podcasts Learn from industry leaders Self-guided demos Click-through at your pace ROI Calculator Better on-call pays off Company About us - team & purpose News Shoreline in the news Events Let's meet up! Support Contact our support team Top Posts Automation Anywhere Optimizes Production Operations with Sumo Logic and Shoreline At Sumo Logic’s Illuminate conference, Automation Anywhere discussed how the company optimizes production operations with Shoreline’s cloud reliability platform. Read blog 3 Key Takeaways from The State of DevOps Report The biggest takeaways and trends from Google Cloud and DORA’s 2022 State of DevOps report. Read blog Visit the blog Log in Start a free trial Home Product Product overview Explore our end-to-end solution Automated remediation Fix issues permanently to eliminate ops toil Operations notebooks Empower on-call teams with proven recipes Debug & repair Instantly access all clouds & clusters Incident Insights - FREE Auto-organize & analyze ticket data Datadog Incident Repair Kit Find it with Datadog. Fix it with Shoreline. Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Integrations How we integrate with your tools Solutions overview Explore our end-to-end solution Developers Architecture Shoreline's modern architecture Security Built with security in mind Availability There when you need it Safety Minimize mistakes & their impact Integrations How we integrate with your tools Docs Explore software specifics Getting Started How to quickly get started Tutorial A self-guided walkthrough Support Contact our support team Resources Blog Stay up to date Videos Tips, tricks and walkthroughs Webinars Learn from industry leaders Self-guided demos Click-through at your pace ROI Calculator Better on-call pays off Company About us - team and purpose News Shoreline in the news Events Let's meet up! Support Contact our support team Request demo Login Free trial Shoreline is the cloud reliability platform Other tools only find issues. We fix them. Observability and incident management tools are great for finding and assigning issues. But actually fixing them is what makes on-call life better. Self-healing infrastructure for repetitive issues Real-time troubleshooting across 1,000s of nodes Runbook automation to reduce escalations Pre-built solutions for common incidents Self-guided demo See how it works Trusted by innovative enterprises and cloud leaders Turn messy incident data into insights for FREE Automated categorization & analysis of incidents. 10 Pre-built analytics Weekly email summaries Get up & running in 2 minutes Learn more Here's where Shoreline can help you Engineering Leadership SRE/DevOps Leadership Support Leadership Engineer VP Engineering “Shoreline is helping us proactively eliminate issues before they lead to downtime.  Self-healing repairs are also freeing my team so they can work on new features instead of fixing the same things over and over.” VP Cloud Operations “We’ve standardized how we debug and repair incidents which means we are fixing issues faster and with far less risk.  This makes my team much more scalable as we grow the business.” VP Customer Support “Now my team can fix more issues themselves, which is a much better experience for customers.  We fix issues faster, with fewer hand-offs.” Sr. Site Reliability Engineer “It seemed like I was always on-call because so many issues were escalated to me.  Now I only get asked to help on new issues and they’ve really done their homework before it gets assigned to me.” Four 9s Demands Speed Customers feel pain when you’re down, and you can only be down for 4.4 minutes each month before you break a 99.99% uptime SLA. You’ve got to find issues in seconds, and resolve them in a minute. Scrapes 1000s of metrics each second, compares them to 1000’s of alarm conditions, and immediately takes action on the one bad node Runs parallelized and distributed commands across your environment so it stays performant as your fleet grows, and keeps working when the network is down Learn about “Operations at the Edge” Your next major incident is less than 6 weeks away It doesn’t have to be. On average, companies experience 8.7 major incidents every year. To improve, you must fix issues BEFORE they lead to customer impact. ‍ An overworked team can’t tackle preventative maintenance, but Shoreline’s automation can. Self-healing infrastructure proactively resolves issues like expired certificates, filling disks, JVM memory leaks, and many other common issues that cause outages. Even if you haven't had these incidents yet, it doesn't mean you won't. See Shoreline’s pre-built solutions The Cloud made Dev faster. Production Ops hasn’t kept up. In a microservices, kubernetes, autoscaling, multi-cloud world, Production Ops has only gotten harder. ‍ We came to the cloud for faster development, and we’ve automated testing, deployment and configuration. It’s finally easy enough to automate Production Ops. Shoreline commands run portably across VMs and K8s, clouds, regions, accounts, etc, which enables automations to be built in hours, rather than months. Learn how to automate one issue each week Market Research Report: Benchmarking Production Ops This 2022 survey revealed surprising data about the cost of on-call. Despite spending $2.5M per year, companies still suffer from too many major incidents, slow resolution times, and low team satisfaction. Get the report ROI Calculator for Better On-call The benefits of reduced MTTR, fewer escalations, and fewer incidents going to the on-call team can really add up. Check my potential Free Runbooks for Debugging Kubernetes Run dozens of best practice debugging commands that verify each layer of your infrastructure and code, and empower everyone on-call to collect and share rich diagnostic data. Learn more Shoreline integrates with your stack Broad platform and integration support smooths cloud operations. View integrations Give us two weeks and we’ll show you how to eliminate 30% of your incidents. 30-day free trial No credit card required Free training Start a free trial Fewer incidents. Better on-call. Product Product overview Pre-built solutions Operations notebooks Automated remediation Debug & repair Architecture Integrations Resources Blog Videos Webinars & Podcasts Events Documentation Support Company About us News Values Careers Contact us Try for free © 2022 Shoreline. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy