Company | Shoreline Product Product Product overview Explore our end-to-end solution Automated remediation Fix issues permanently to eliminate ops toil Automated Runbooks Empower on-call teams with proven recipes Debug & repair Instantly access all clouds & clusters Incident Insights - FREE Auto-organize & analyze ticket data Datadog Incident Repair Kit Find it with Datadog. Fix it with Shoreline. Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Integrations How we integrate with your tools Pre-built solutions Solutions overview View all pre-built solutions JVM memory issues Catch and fix as it happens Network issues Diagnostics eliminate wasted time Disk resize Avoid outages and data loss Developers Learn more Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Security Built with security in mind Availability There when you need it Safety Minimize mistakes & their impact Integrations How we integrate with your tools Docs Explore software specifics Getting Started How to quickly get going Tutorial A self-guided walkthrough Support Contact our support team Engineer's Perspective Operations at the Edge Processing, analyzing, then acting on observability data entirely within your own environment offers a cheaper, faster, fault tolerant, and more secure alternative. Read blog Infrastructure as Code for Production Ops DevOps leaders can apply infrastructure as code lessons and tooling to production ops, use solutions like Terraform + Shoreline to automate repeatable tasks, and make hero-level institutional knowledge accessible to anyone. Read blog Resources Resources Blog Stay up to date Videos Tips, tricks and walkthroughs Webinars and Podcasts Learn from industry leaders Self-guided demos Click-through at your pace ROI Calculator Better on-call pays off Company About us - team & purpose News Shoreline in the news Events Let's meet up! Support Contact our support team Top Posts Automation Anywhere Optimizes Production Operations with Sumo Logic and Shoreline At Sumo Logic’s Illuminate conference, Automation Anywhere discussed how the company optimizes production operations with Shoreline’s cloud reliability platform. Read blog 3 Key Takeaways from The State of DevOps Report The biggest takeaways and trends from Google Cloud and DORA’s 2022 State of DevOps report. Read blog Visit the blog Log in Start a free trial Home Product Product overview Explore our end-to-end solution Automated remediation Fix issues permanently to eliminate ops toil Operations notebooks Empower on-call teams with proven recipes Debug & repair Instantly access all clouds & clusters Incident Insights - FREE Auto-organize & analyze ticket data Datadog Incident Repair Kit Find it with Datadog. Fix it with Shoreline. Architecture Shoreline’s modern architecture Integrations How we integrate with your tools Solutions overview Explore our end-to-end solution Developers Architecture Shoreline's modern architecture Security Built with security in mind Availability There when you need it Safety Minimize mistakes & their impact Integrations How we integrate with your tools Docs Explore software specifics Getting Started How to quickly get started Tutorial A self-guided walkthrough Support Contact our support team Resources Blog Stay up to date Videos Tips, tricks and walkthroughs Webinars Learn from industry leaders Self-guided demos Click-through at your pace ROI Calculator Better on-call pays off Company About us - team and purpose News Shoreline in the news Events Let's meet up! Support Contact our support team Request demo Login Request demo Meet Shoreline We're helping engineers improve their own work experience while increasing cloud service reliability for their customers. Join us We spent a lot of time on-call, squashing tickets at AWS. Shoreline is the tool we wish we'd had to eliminate tickets and improve availability. Our purpose Make on-call suck less Reduce incidents On call-teams don't need more dashboards. They need automation that reduces the number of incidents that they have to fix. Slash escalations Provide L1 teams with the right data and ability to launch pre-approved repairs, and your engineers won't see so many escalations. Accelerate remediation Automation is super fast, and on novel issues requiring humans, eliminating friction from infrastructure complexity cuts time to resolution. Our leadership team Anurag Gupta CEO and Founder Former VP AWS and VP Eng, Oracle Ashley Stirrup Chief Operating Officer Former CMO Algolia and CMO Talend Charles Cary Chief Technology Officer Former Founder, Ruby Plants and  Developer, AWS Kazi Zaman Chief Development Officer Former VP Eng, EA and Dir. Eng, Yahoo! Chris Newton VP Marketing Former VP Mktg, Intellimize and SVP Sales & Mktg, Influitive Jonathan Sunberg VP Sales Former VP Major Accounts at Workato and Talend Cristina Orzetic People and Culture Serial entrepreneur leading start-up HR and admin functions Our investors and advisors Niall Murphy SRE and engineering leader at Amazon, Google, and Azure. Instigator and Author of the Google SRE Books Amy Chang Board Member, Disney, Procter & Gamble, Marqeta, SambaNova, and Pragma Our locations Shoreline HQ 255 Shoreline Dr. Suite 315 Redwood City , CA 94065 Shoreline Europe Strada Sfântul Lazăr 36 Iași 700049, Romania Give us two weeks and we’ll show you how to eliminate 30% of your incidents. 30-day free trial No credit card required Free training Start a free trial Fewer incidents. Better on-call. Product Product overview Pre-built solutions Operations notebooks Automated remediation Debug & repair Architecture Integrations Resources Blog Videos Webinars & Podcasts Events Documentation Support Company About us News Values Careers Contact us Try for free © 2022 Shoreline. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy